== CAS Plugin

Redmine plugin to support authentication via Central Authentication Service (CAS).
This plugin gives you a solid and secure single sign on solution for web-based
applications. This plugin redirects the user to the CAS login interface when needed
and then checks the validity of the CAS ticket.

The plugin uses the rubycas-client library to work with the CAS protocol. The code of the
rubycas-client is included here because it has been patched to add some features which are not
yet available in the upstream project (follow redirects in request to the CAS server and use
the service parameter instead of destination on logout).

== Features

 * To have a few web-based apps using a unique point of authentication.
 You login in one of them, you are logged in already in all of them.

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be found in the {downloads}[http://forja.cenatic.es] at
Cenatic Forge and also on {Gitorious}[http://gitorious.org/redmine_cas/redmine_cas].

== Install

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins
2. Create a configuration file (config/cas.yml). See the +Configuration+ section.
3. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)

== Configuration

The configuration file is named config/cas.yml. It has different sections for each server
environment. Under each environment there are only two configuration values:

* enabled: is authentication against CAS enabled for this environment? true/false default: false.
* url: root url of the CAS server.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See LICENSE.txt for details.
Note: the included code from the rubycas-client library is licensed under the LGPL v2.1.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer on the bug tracker at http://forja.cenatic.es

== References

rubycas-client: http://code.google.com/p/rubycas-client
